The number of arguments  provided is not valid. Check help for the correct synta
x.

Usage:  set privateprofile (parameter) (value)

Parameters:

      state             - Configure the firewall state.
              Usage: state on|off|notconfigured

      firewallpolicy    - Configures default inbound and outbound behavior.
      Usage: firewallpolicy (inbound behavior),(outbound behavior)
         Inbound behavior:
            blockinbound        - Block inbound connections that do not
                                  match an inbound rule.
            blockinboundalways  - Block all inbound connections even if
                                  the connection matches a rule.
            allowinbound        - Allow inbound connections that do
                                  not match a rule.
            notconfigured       - Return the value to its unconfigured state.
         Outbound behavior:
            allowoutbound       - Allow outbound connections that do not
                                  match a rule.
            blockoutbound       - Block outbound connections that do not
                                  match a rule.
            notconfigured       - Return the value to its unconfigured state.

      settings          - Configures firewall settings.
      Usage: settings (parameter) enable|disable|notconfigured
      Parameters:
         localfirewallrules         - Merge local firewall rules with Group
                                      Policy rules. Valid when configuring
                                      a Group Policy store.
         localconsecrules           - Merge local connection security rules
                                      with Group Policy rules. Valid when
                                      configuring a Group Policy store.
         inboundusernotification    - Notify user when a program listens
                                      for inbound connections.
         remotemanagement           - Allow remote management of Windows
                                      Firewall.
         unicastresponsetomulticast - Control stateful unicast response to
                                      multicast.

      logging           - Configures logging settings.
      Usage: logging (parameter) (value)
      Parameters:
         allowedconnections  - Log allowed connections.
                               Values: enable|disable|notconfigured
         droppedconnections  - Log dropped connections.
                               Values: enable|disable|notconfigured
         filename            - Name and location of the firewall log.
                               Values: <string>|notconfigured
         maxfilesize         - Maximum log file size in kilobytes.
                               Values: 1 - 32767|notconfigured

Remarks:

      - Configures private profile settings.
      - The "notconfigured" value is valid only for a Group Policy store.

Examples:

      Turn the firewall off when the private profile is active:
      netsh advfirewall set privateprofile state off

      Set the default behavior to block inbound and allow outbound
      connections when the private profile is active:
      netsh advfirewall set privateprofile firewallpolicy
      blockinbound,allowoutbound

      Turn on remote management when the private profile is active:
      netsh advfirewall set privateprofile settings remotemanagement enable

      Log dropped connections when the private profile is active:
      netsh advfirewall set privateprofile logging droppedconnections enable

